On 24 Feb 2014 21:36, "Scott Sutherland" <kiwi.sutherland@gmail.com> wrote:
Hi Adrian,

I just got the deposit, the key are in a Key Box at the side door, the code will be 0710, for your stay. Further information is below

Have a great stay

Scott

Bach information:  35 Guthrie Crescent, Castlepoint

Getting there:
From Masterton, follow the signs towards the Hospital.  From Te Ore Ore Road, Castlepoint is signposted.  After 40kms you will come to Tinui, there is a T-junction, turn right.  When you arrive in Castlepoint, Guthrie Crescent is the first road on your right.  Go up hill to the end of the road, No. 35 is the second from the end on the left hand side.
The gate swings out into the road, if you want to park on the kerb, pull further along towards the end of the boundary so the gate can open.
The key is in a lock box by the back door – go up on to the deck, around to the other side, and up to the back door steps.  The code to the lock box will be emailed to you separately.  This key opens the back door yale lock.  As you enter, check the distribution board at the back door.  If the bach has been empty for a few days, the ‘WH’ and ‘main’ will be switched off.  Flick these two switches ‘on’ and all the power will be on.
Please do not use the doors to the east side (behind the sofa) as the wind tends to smash the glass.
The doors to the north side open at the top and bottom.
 
Things to think of before you leave home:
The water is as safe to drink as any roof water supply (not recommended for under 18 month olds, or the immuno suppressed).  However, we take our own bottled water just because the tank supply tends to taste salty.
 
You will need to take linen, duvets and pillows are supplied, so you will need sheets, pillow slips, bath/beach towels and tea towels. 

Please note there is no washing machine at the bach.
 
You will need to take your rubbish with you, bags are not supplied.  If you want to use a Masterton District Council tip, you will need blue bin bags bought in Masterton District.
 
If you are bringing a sky decoder, please bring your power cable as well.  Please note, the TV does not get reception without a sky box, but there are DVDs and videos to watch.
 
Check out:  Depart by 11am.
Check in:  Arrive after 1pm.
 
Rubbish collection:
 
Please take your own rubbish away with you. 
 
If you are staying over a Monday:
There is a kerbside collection on Monday mornings, rubbish must be in Masterton District Council blue bags, at the kerb by 9am on Monday.
 
Blue Bags are available from shops in the Masterton area, including the Castlepoint Store
 
There is a tip near Castlepoint, 5kms back towards Masterton, which is open
 
Wednesday
9:00am - 12:00noon
 
 
Sunday
1:30pm - 4:30pm
 
 
Sundays during December to February
1:30pm - 7:30pm
 
 
Conserving water

Please use water carefully at our bach as there is just one roof water tank and it is normally very dry during the summer months.  Please keep showers short and baths shallow. 

 

Electricity
The electricity (main and WH) needs to be switched on as you arrive and switched off as you leave. Please leave the Fridge open once the power is off. If there is a power cut the water will not run as it is on a pump.
 
Further information is in the Folder left at the bach
 




On 25 February 2014 10:08, adrian hibbard <adrian.hibbard@gmail.com> wrote:
Hi Scott

Thank you for the reminder I have just deposited $320 into your account with the reference HIBBARD07/03.

Can you please let me know when you receive it.

How do i receive the keys via post or will I meet someone there?

Kind regards

Adrian



On 24 Feb 2014, at 08:37, Scott Sutherland <kiwi.sutherland@gmail.com> wrote:

Hi Adrian

Just a reminder the remainder of your fees for the bach is now due

Thanks

Scott


On 7 January 2014 10:02, Adrian Hibbard <adrian.hibbard@gmail.com> wrote:
Hi Scott

Thank you for your quick reply.

I have deposited $160 into your account I am also with kiwibank so it should be instant I have put as the reference HIBBARD07/03.

Do you know by chance if there are any good spear fishing spots in the area?

Kind regards

Adrian


On 6 January 2014 19:52, Bookabach - On behalf of kiwi.sutherland@gmail.com <automailer@bookabach.co.nz> wrote:
Hi Adrian Hibbard (adrird834) 0x 

Thanks for your interest in booking our bach for your holiday. We hope you will enjoy your stay at Castlepoint

8 adults and 0 kids (less than 16 yrs) $160 per night
3 night(s): arrival: 07-Mar-14 13:00, departure: 10-Mar-14 11:00 

Please deposit the amount of your first night’s stay to confirm your booking within 5 working days. The remainder will be payable 7 days prior to your stay.

Our account details are:
Scott & Tamsin Sutherland
KiwiBank 38-9003-0448805-01

Please use your surname and date of first night as your reference code to help us track your payment. We will send you a confirmation email as soon as the deposit has cleared. If you can send me a quick email when you make the deposi